fix(aws-lambda): fetch ecs environment variable failure caused by the phase change (#9460)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

  correctly created.
  [#9434](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/9434)

#### Plugins

> - **AWS Lambda**: Fix issue on fetching environment variables in ECS environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **AWS Lambda**: Fix an issue that is causing inability to read environment variables in ECS environment.
```
